Reorganize file source part (#95)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: delivery/overview.mdx

<Note>
**PUBLIC PREVIEW**

> Sink data in Parquet encode is in the public preview stage, meaning it's nearing the final product but is not yet fully stable. If you encounter any issues or have feedback, please contact us through our [Slack channel](https://www.risingwave.com/slack). Your input is valuable in helping us improve the feature. For more information, see our [Public preview feature list](/changelog/product-lifecycle#features-in-the-public-preview-stage).

Reviewer: @WanYixian Let's always refer to Parquet as a format. "Sinking data in Parquet format..."

> Sink data in Parquet encode is in the public preview stage, meaning it's nearing the final product but is not yet fully stable. If you encounter any issues or have feedback, please contact us through our [Slack channel](https://www.risingwave.com/slack). Your input is valuable in helping us improve the feature. For more information, see our [Public preview feature list](/changelog/product-lifecycle#features-in-the-public-preview-stage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sinking data in Parquet format is currently in public preview, meaning it is nearing the final product but may not yet be fully stable. If you encounter any issues or have feedback, please reach out to us via our [Slack channel](https://www.risingwave.com/slack). Your input is valuable in helping us improve this feature. For more details, see our [Public Preview Feature List](/changelog/product-lifecycle#features-in-the-public-preview-stage).
```

</Note>

> RisingWave supports sinking data in Parquet or JSON encode to file systems including S3, Google Cloud Storage (GCS), Azure Blob Storage, and WebHDFS. This eliminates the need for complex data lake setups. Once the data is saved, the files can be queried using the batch processing engine of RisingWave through the `file_scan` API. You can also leverage third-party OLAP query engines for further data processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RisingWave supports sinking data in Parquet or JSON formats to cloud storage services, including S3, Google Cloud Storage (GCS), Azure Blob Storage, and WebHDFS. This eliminates the need for complex data lake setups. Once the data is saved, the files can be queried using RisingWave's batch processing engine through the `file_scan` API. You can also leverage third-party OLAP query engines to enhance data processing capabilities.
```
